Rclone improvements (#366)
storj/docs: app/dcs/third-party-tools/rclone/rclone-s3/page.md

rclone sync --progress waterbear-us:mybucket/videos/ waterbear-europe:mybucket/videos/
```

Or even between another cloud storage (e.g., an AWS S3 connection names `s3`) and Storj.

```bash
rclone sync --progress s3:mybucket/videos/ waterbear:mybucket/videos/
```

## Mounting a Bucket

> Use the `mount` command to mount a bucket to a folder (Mac and Linux only). When mounted, you can use the bucket as a local folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `mount` command to mount a bucket to a folder (Mac, Windows and Linux) or as a disk drive (Windows). When mounted, you can use the bucket (drive) as a local folder (drive).
```

> 

Reviewer: ~~~suggestion
{% tabs %}
{% tab label="Windows" %}
```powershell
mkdir ~/mybucket
rclone mount waterbear:mybucket ~/mybucket --vfs-cache-mode full
```
{% /tab %}

{% tab label="Linux" %}

~~~

```bash
sudo mkdir /mnt/mybucket
sudo chown $USER: /mnt/mybucket
rclone mount waterbear:mybucket /mnt/mybucket --vfs-cache-mode full
```

> 

Reviewer: ~~~suggestion
{% /tab %}

{% tab label="macOS" %}
```shell
sudo mkdir /mnt/mybucket
sudo chown $USER: /mnt/mybucket
rclone mount waterbear:mybucket /mnt/mybucket --vfs-cache-mode full
```
{% /tab %}
{% /tabs %}
~~~

{% callout type="info"  %}
The `--vfs-cache-mode full` flag means that all reads and writes are cached to disk. Without it, reads and writes are done directly to the Storj bucket.
{% /callout %}

To unmount the bucket, use the `umount` command.

```bash
umount /mnt/mybucket

> ```

Reviewer: ~~~suggestion
To unmount the bucket, use the `Ctrl-C` keystroke to stop rclone.
~~~
